c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.Form1.resources
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.Resources.resources
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
c:\users\kyogi2\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.Form1.resources
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.Resources.resources
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\kyogi2\Desktop\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.Form1.resources
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.Resources.resources
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\bin\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.Form1.resources
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.Resources.resources
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\kyogi_public\kyogi_final_test\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\kyogi1\Desktop\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.exe
C:\Users\kyogi1\Desktop\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.xml
C:\Users\kyogi1\Desktop\kyogi_control - コピー\kyogi_control\obj\x86\Debug\kyogi_control.pdb
